# Josh & Sara Meeting Notes (1/2 Docs)


## Dec. 12th 2023 

### Action List

	- [ ] Make a presentation about why I chose gene (ATP11A?). 
		- [ ] Background on gene and function
		- [ ] Why does it have a low MAIC ranking and are paralogs ranked as low? 
		- [ ] How does it fit within context of convid and contribute to pathophysiology, factoring in the effect of the SNP on the gene.
		- [ ] How does it relate to other diseases? Is it implicated in other viral infections?   
		- [ ] Look at genetic sequence in humans and pig and compare proteins. 
	- [ ] Finish IHC and imaging. Do not start other experiments before break. 	

### Questions

	- [x] Review aims objectives
		- Sara will review them and then meet with me again to discuss them. 
	- [x] Plan for days I am in California (sgRNA review and design, experiment planning, cloning plans)
	- [x] Finishing Coloc? 
		- Sara will follow up with Erola. 

### Notes

	- Take a more measured approach when planning/executing experiments. 
	- Review each experiment with Sara before starting. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Sep. 26th 2023 (Writing up, poster, arranging accommodation/flights)
- [x] Send draft of 9-month report to Sara tonight. 
- [x] Internal virology meeting on on the 16th? 

### Question/Comments
- [x] Does MLDE need to have ref? 
- [x] Biorender subscription?
- [x] Using rendered AAV struction, permission to use? https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3393551/figure/F4/ 
- [x] Can I use other peopleâ€™s data (Deborah's AAV9 transduction)? If so can I ask them to send me images?
- [x] Does the author list and the abstract author list need to match?  
- [x] Can the title change at all? 
- [x] Sending PCLS across the road to be sectioned.
- [x] Is Sara still waiting for documents/tasks that I have forgotten about?
- [x] Can we send our PCLS to Histology department for sectioning? 
- [x] Ask Sara about putting her expectations of me in writing, to help me reflect. 
- [x] Do I need to wait for an agent from Diversity Travel to reach out to me to book flights? How can I compare prices? 
- [x] Doodle - 
- [x] Diversity travel - 



## Sep. 19th 2023

- [ ] Ask Mariana if vectors are proprietary (I don't think so)
- [ ] Apply to Genetics Socieity 
- [x] Make a list of all the reagents that I will need to send to Oxford (review list with Mariana)
- [x] Find Oxford accommodation, confirm that it is available. Send to Sara. 
- Sara will talk with Akira about starting the GGTA1 KO project. 
- If we cannot KO GGTA1 before I leave, plan to produce CAV2 and a NT AAV. 
- Consider how we can proceed if we cannot find Oxford accommodation.  
- [x] Show Sara GFP images which Craig gave me. 
- [x] I will need to make NT AAV (talk to Mariana about this)
- [x] Plan to submit annual review on Friday
- Emails should be more succint and accurate, especially when talking about my project. They may be looked back on to find information. 
- Think of myself as part of a team rather than an independent researcher.

### Questions/Comments

- [x] Oxford accommodation (Rotary has not found anything)

- Conference 
	- [x] Can go to conference. Book flights as soon as Mariana tells me the dates. 
	- [x] Pay for accommodation
	- [x] Pay for molecular mingle ticket
	- Aims should be decided by lab group before attending next conference  
	- [x] Make a rough draft of poster (use powerpoint) send rough draft to Sara. Follow the format of the 10 month report. Send to Sara, she will give feedback.  
	- Conference suggests bringing lightweight poster as a lot of them spent there time on the floor last year.
	- [x] Print on canvas and bring command hook?  

- I could not find CMV lenti.
	- [x] Will look together when I am in the lab.  

- [x] Wait for Mariana to respond or ask about MTA in another email? 
		- Wait until there are costs for accommodation 		




## Sep. 14th 2023

- I need to communicate better. There have been incidents of perceived impoliteness. 

- [x] Organize lab notebook

- [x] Update aims and objectives for AAV project, send to Maraiana. 

- World Courier is preferred shipping company for lab. 

- [x] Who has the MTA for shipping AAV? Gerry? Who takes ownership? Can I bring it here? Is the AAV proprietary?
	- Sara will enquire to Gerry what is in place. 

- Will plan to have 10-month report turned in before leaving for Oxford, will have meeting when I am back. Preload presentation work. 

- Always get permission from someone to spend money in writing. 

- [x] Send Spring School notes to Sara 

### Questions/Comments

- [x] Ask about ESGCT conference

- [x] ESGCT poster (sc dissociation and ML model)

- [x] Postpone internal virology seminary talk? 

- [x] When should I reach out to the committee to officially schedule a meeting?
		- Will not be decided until report is submitted

- [x] Which CAV2 guide will I use, can I see the final data?
 		- Benchling has James report. 

- [x] We have a CMV GFP lenti. What should I use this for?
		- WIll compare this to Gerry's, it is -80, lentibox three)

- [x] Respond to person asking about Annual Review. Do I upload the new version?

- [x] What could be wrong with GGTA1 transfection experiment? 




## Sep. 5th 2023 (Annual Review, Oxford, GGTA1 KO)

- [x] Rewrite science sections of annual review in objectives/aims/plan format. Use bullet points so it is easy to recogize what has been accomplished next year. 

- There is no need to redo any experiments at this time. 

- I will need to repeat GGTA1 KO experiment with both constructs three times before determining which guide to clone into LV. 

- [x] Read Beate Rieblinger paper which describes KO of GGTA1 in Cas9 pig. 

- Plan to have 10-week report handed before I leave for Oxford and to schedule the meeting after I get back (just before Christmas holiday or after)

- [x] What is a potential title for my thesis?




## Sep. 4th 2023 (Machine Learning AAV Project and Lung Dissociation Review)

- Grant will not be submitted due to offical staff costings/time commitment to project on top of RA/PhD position, which is planned to be completed within an already rushed 36 month time period. Also, SMG is likely reluctant to process a late concept note. 

- Will determine if project fits remit of Kenny's previously awarded or upcoming grants. Project could be funded this way. 

- I should continue the project regardless of the funding, since producing AAV libraries in house would be relatively cheap. However, this would be time consuming. The only remaining large costs would be bulk and single cell sequencing costs. 

- It would be better to present percentages of cell populations in FC graphs more clearly, and to make one graph which shows number of cells sorted for all four graphs. 

- [x] Look into mechanism of CTV.

- Eamon will complete all single cell analyses for now. 

- It could be beneficial to have a structural biologist contributing to the project. It would be useful to know more about the conformation of the VP region, possibly something that could be tested using alphafold. 
	- [ ] How does AAV2H22 conformation look?

- If I do the directed evolution experiment in pig lung, the top performing variants will be biased toward pig lung and not human lung. 

- Will I be able to get human lung for machine learning directed evolution (MLDE AAV experiment). End goal should be able to perform experiments in human lungs. 